# FoodPro---Online-Food-Delivery-Database-Management-System-and-Analytics
The objective of the study was to build a robust data management system for an online food ordering/delivery application called FoodPro. The system is to handle both transactional data (payment and order information) and Reference Data (User Account data, Address Information etc), and should be the single source of information about anything related to order customer, restaurant, and the delivery agents. 

We were able to not only implement the system but also utilise the power of analytics to predict optimization activities to the restaurants and the application alike. We first created an EER model, which was later translated into a UML class diagram. The relation modelling was done considering the cardinalities and the relationships mentioned in the EER diagram, and later the relations were later normalised to 3.5 Normal Form. The relational model was materialised in the form of a database inside MySQL. A NoSQL component (in the form of MongoDB) was also implemented to utilise the power of document method of storage of information and the power of NoSQL pipelines. The storage system was later connected to a Python environment which enabled advanced analytical capabilities which enables using predictive analytics to derive actionable insights. 

The whole development was done iteratively rather than in a waterfall flow, the EER/UML diagram was revisited to accommodate for the information which was made visible at the later stages of development of the system. This enabled us to explore a multitude of solutions prior agreeing on a particular pathway and increased our learning greatly in the process.
